Updating the steps to disconnect the old connector (#104741)
Azure/azure-content: articles/sentinel/connect-microsoft-purview.md

1. In the **Data connectors** blade, in the search bar, type *Azure Information Protection*. 
1. Select **Azure Information Protection**.
1. Below the connector description, select **Open connector page**.

> 1. Under **Configuration**, select **Connect Azure Information Protection logs**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Configuration**, select **Connect Azure Information Protection logs**.
```

> 2. Click the configured workspace and select **Ok**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the configured workspace and select **Ok**.
```
